Update glossary.mdx (#10766)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/install/glossary.mdx

## Custom Resource Definition (CRD) 	
Custom resources are the extensions of the Kubernetes API.  A Custom Resource 

> Definition (CRD) file allows users to define their own custom resources and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Definition (CRD) file allows a user to define their own custom resources and 
```
